OKTA-461540 OKTA-461541 api docs for client creds management (#2969)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/apps/index.md

}
```

## Application client secret management operations

### Add new client secret

<ApiOperation method="post" url="/api/v1/apps/${applicationId}/credentials/secrets" />

Adds a new secret to the client's collection of secrets

> > **Note:** This API lets you bring your own secret. If no secrets are specified in the request, it adds a new system-generated secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This API lets you bring your own secret. If no secret is specified in the request, it adds a new system-generated secret.
```

Author: updated

##### Request parameters

| Parameter     | Description                                                                     | Param Type | DataType                                      | Required | Default |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------- |
| applicationId | Unique key of an [Application](#application-object)                                 | URL        | String                                    | TRUE     |         |

> | metadata | Metadata for creating a secret [Client Secret Metadata](#client-secret-request-object)   | Body      | Client Secret Metadata                     | FALSE    |         |

Reviewer: Can we change the description to be easier to understand that this is in fact the data you need to provide to specify the secret? How about `Client secret request object`?

Author: updated

##### Response parameters

Returns the generated [Client Secret](#client-secret-response-object)

##### Request example

```bash
curl -v -X POST \

> -H "Accept: application/pkcs10" \

Reviewer: Should we call this out? What happens if you don't specify this header with this value?

Author: updated

-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
-d '{
    "client_secret" : "3vimrC5Yv6bSDJzrUdLEYvkf9ElwUeWdndO5nhYp"

> }' "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/secrets/"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
}' "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/secrets"
```

Author: updated

```

##### Response example

```json
{
  "id": "ocsap6nz61rKdsoyOY0h7",
  "client_secret": "3vimrC5Yv6bSDJzrUdLEYvkf9ElwUeWdndO5nhYp",
  "secret_hash": "0xbeefbeefbeefbeefbeefbeef",
  "created": "2022-01-01T04:22:27.000Z",
  "status": "ACTIVE",
  "_links" : {
    "deactivate": {
      "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/secrets/ocsap6nz61rKdsoyOY0h7/lifecycle/deactivate",
      "hints": {
        "allow": [
          "POST"
        ]
      }
    }
  }
}
```

If `client_secret` in the request is more than 100 characters long, you receive an error response.

```json
{
  "errorCode": "E0000001",
  "errorSummary": "Api validation failed: client_secret",
  "errorLink": "E0000001",
  "errorId": "oaeMHrsk2WLTACvPU5T7yQ4yw",
  "errorCauses": [
    {
      "errorSummary": "client_secret: 'client_secret' cannot be more than '100' characters long."
    }
  ]
}
```

If `client_secret` in the request is less than 14 characters long, you receive an error response.

```json
{
  "errorCode": "E0000001",
  "errorSummary": "Api validation failed: client_secret",
  "errorLink": "E0000001",
  "errorId": "oaeMHrsk2WLTACvPU5T7yQ4yw",
  "errorCauses": [
    {

>       "errorSummary": "client_secret: The field is too short"

Reviewer: Wouldn't it make more sense to have the opposite error message as is listed on line 5201? I don't see why these should be significantly different as it just makes it less consistent.

Author: This error message comes from the OAuth2ClientSecretMediated Validator and the other 2 are from separate validation we have. I will need to make changes in the API first to make the change here.

Reviewer: Can we create a follow-up ticket for this? You don't need to fix it now, but it's a matter of developer experience to have consistent error messages being returned.

Author: https://oktainc.atlassian.net/browse/OKTA-462333

Author: updated

    }
  ]
}
```

> If `client_secret` in the request is less than 32 characters long and the `token_endpoint_auth_method` of the app is `client_secret_jwt`, you receive an error response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `client_secret` in the request is less than 32 characters long, and the `token_endpoint_auth_method` of the app is `client_secret_jwt`, you receive an error response.
```

```json
{
  "errorCode": "E0000001",
  "errorSummary": "Api validation failed: client_secret",
  "errorLink": "E0000001",
  "errorId": "oaeMHrsk2WLTACvPU5T7yQ4yw",
  "errorCauses": [
    {

>       "errorSummary": "client_secret: 'client_secret' must be at least '32' characters long for client_secret_jwt auth method."

Reviewer: To stay consistent and more explicitly/clear as we do on line 5249:
```suggestion
      "errorSummary": "client_secret: 'client_secret' must be at least '32' characters long when 'token_endpoint_auth_method' is 'private_key_jwt'."
```

Author: We will need to change the message in API first and then update it here.

Reviewer: Same comment as above, please create a follow-up ticket.

Author: https://oktainc.atlassian.net/browse/OKTA-462333

Author: updated

    }
  ]
}
```

If `token_endpoint_auth_method` for the app is `private_key_jwt`, you receive an error response.

```json
{
  "errorCode": "E0000001",
  "errorSummary": "Api validation failed: OAuth2ClientSecretMediated",
  "errorLink": "E0000001",
  "errorId": "oaeMHrsk2WLTACvPU5T7yQ4yw",
  "errorCauses": [
    {
      "errorSummary": "'client_secret' cannot be used when 'token_endpoint_auth_method' is 'private_key_jwt'."
    }
  ]
}
```

If `client_secret` in the request contains non ASCII characters, you receive an error response.

```json
{
  "errorCode": "E0000001",
  "errorSummary": "Api validation failed: client_secret",
  "errorLink": "E0000001",
  "errorId": "oaeMHrsk2WLTACvPU5T7yQ4yw",
  "errorCauses": [
    {
      "errorSummary": "client_secret: ''client_secret'' must only contain printable ASCII: [x20-x7E]+"
    }
  ]
}
```

> If the number of client secrets per application exceeds the set limit (currently 2), you receive an error response.

Reviewer: When it says `(currently 2)` it indicates that this might change. But we would need to update the doc if that changes as we mention the number 2 here, so we might as well just say:
```suggestion
If the number of client secrets per application exceeds 2, you receive an error response.
```

Author: updated

```json
{
  "errorCode": "E0000001",
  "errorSummary": "Api validation failed: OAuth2ClientSecretMediated",
  "errorLink": "E0000001",
  "errorId": "oaeMHrsk2WLTACvPU5T7yQ4yw",
  "errorCauses": [
    {
      "errorSummary": "You have reached the maximum number of client secrets per client."
    }
  ]
}
```

### List client secrets

<ApiOperation method="get" url="/api/v1/apps/${applicationId}/credentials/secrets" />

Enumerates the client's collection of secrets

##### Request parameters

| Parameter     | Description                                                                     | Param Type | DataType                                      | Required | Default |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------- |
| applicationId | Unique key of an [Application](#application-object)                             | URL        | String                                    | TRUE     |         |

##### Response parameters

> Returns the list of [Client Secret](#client-secret-response-object)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Returns the list of [Client Secrets](#client-secret-response-object)
```

##### Request example

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Accept: application/pkcs10" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \

> "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/secrets/"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/secrets"
```

Author: updated

  "created": "2022-01-01T04:22:27.000Z",
  "status": "ACTIVE",
  "_links" : {
    "deactivate": {
      "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/secrets/ocsap6nz61rKdsoyOY0h7/lifecycle/deactivate",
      "hints": {
        "allow": [
          "POST"
        ]
      }
    }
  }
}
```
If a secret isn't found for the `secretId`, you receive an error response.

```json
{
  "errorCode": "E0000007",
  "errorSummary": "Not found: Resource not found: 1234 (OAuth2ClientSecretMediated)",
  "errorLink": "E0000007",
  "errorId": "oaeMHrsk2WLTACvPU5T7yQ4yw"
}
```

### Deactivate a client secret

<ApiOperation method="post" url="/api/v1/apps/${applicationId}/credentials/secrets/{secretId}/lifecycle/deactivate"/>

Deactivates a specific client secret by `secretId`

##### Request parameters

| Parameter     | Description                                                                     | Param Type | DataType                                      | Required | Default |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------- |

> | applicationId | unique key of an [Application](#application-object)                             | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| applicationId | Unique key of an [Application](#application-object)                             | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |
```

> | secretId      | unique key of a [Client Secret](#client-secret-response-object)             | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| secretId      | Unique key of a [Client Secret](#client-secret-response-object)             | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |
```

##### Response parameters

> Returns deactivated [Client Secret](#client-secret-response-object)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Returns the deactivated [Client Secret](#client-secret-response-object)
```

  "errorLink": "E0000001",
  "errorId": "oaeMHrsk2WLTACvPU5T7yQ4yw",
  "errorCauses": [
    {
      "errorSummary": "You can't deactivate the only active client secret."
    }
  ]
}
```

### Delete a client secret

<ApiOperation method="delete" url="/api/v1/apps/${applicationId}/credentials/secrets/{secretId}"/>

Deletes a specific client secret by `secretId`

##### Request parameters

| Parameter     | Description                                                                     | Param Type | DataType                                      | Required | Default |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------- |
| applicationId | Unique key of an [Application](#application-object)                             | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |
| secretId      | Unique key of a [Client Secret](#client-secret-response-object)             | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |

##### Response parameters

> An empty JSON object `{}`

Reviewer: If we return a 204 without content, then there's no response body, i.e. no empty json object.

Author: Followed https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/apps/#request-parameters-7

Reviewer: Then that's incorrect too - a 204 has no response body, so we should fix those docs as well if you'd want to stay consistent in the docs.

Author: updated

-H "Accept: application/pkcs10" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/secrets/ocsap6nz61rKdsoyOY0h7"
```

##### Response example
```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

If secret is not found for the secretId, you receive an error response.

```json
{
  "errorCode": "E0000007",
  "errorSummary": "Not found: Resource not found: 1234 (OAuth2ClientSecretMediated)",
  "errorLink": "E0000007",
  "errorId": "oaeMHrsk2WLTACvPU5T7yQ4yw"
}
```

If the delete request is received for an active secret, you receive an error response.

```json
{
  "errorCode": "E0000001",
  "errorSummary": "Api validation failed: OAuth2ClientSecretMediated",
  "errorLink": "E0000001",
  "errorId": "oaeMHrsk2WLTACvPU5T7yQ4yw",
  "errorCauses": [
    {
      "errorSummary": "You can't delete an active client secret. Deactivate the secret before deleting it."
    }
  ]
}
```

## Application client JSON Web Key management operations

### Add new JSON Web Key

<ApiOperation method="post" url="/api/v1/apps/${applicationId}/credentials/jwks" />

Adds a new JSON Web Key to the client’s JSON Web Keys.

> > **Note:** This API does not let you add a key if the existing key does not have a kid. This is also in sync with how the clients/apps APIs behave - they do not allow creating multiple keys without kids. The user will need to use the clients/apps API to update the jwks or use the new JWKS management delete key API and re-add the key with a kid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This API doesn't let you add a key if the existing key doesn't have a `kid`. This is also in sync with how the clients/apps APIs behave. They don't allow the creation of multiple keys without `kids`. Use the [Update application](/docs/reference/api/apps/#update-application) operation or the [Update a client application](/docs/reference/api/oauth-clients/#update-a-client-application) to update the JWKS or use the new new JWKS Management API's [delete a key operation](/docs/reference/api/apps/#delete-a-json-web-key) and re-add the key with a `kid`.
```

> > **Note:** This API doesn't let you add a key if the existing key doesn't have a `kid`. This is also in sync with how the clients/apps APIs behave. They don't allow the creation of multiple keys without `kids`. Use the [Update application](/docs/reference/api/apps/#update-application) operation or the [Update a client application](/docs/reference/api/oauth-clients/#update-a-client-application) to update the JWKS or use the new new JWKS Management API's [delete a key operation](/docs/reference/api/apps/#delete-a-json-web-key) and re-add the key with a `kid`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This API doesn't let you add a key if the existing key doesn't have a `kid`. This is also in sync with how the clients/apps APIs behave. They don't allow the creation of multiple keys without `kids`. Use the [Update application](/docs/reference/api/apps/#update-application) operation or the [Update a client application](/docs/reference/api/oauth-clients/#update-a-client-application) to update the JWKS or use the new JWKS Management API's [delete a key operation](/docs/reference/api/apps/#delete-a-json-web-key) and re-add the key with a `kid`.
```

> > **Note:** This API doesn't let you add a key if the existing key doesn't have a `kid`. This is also in sync with how the clients/apps APIs behave. They don't allow the creation of multiple keys without `kids`. Use the [Update application](/docs/reference/api/apps/#update-application) operation or the [Update a client application](/docs/reference/api/oauth-clients/#update-a-client-application) to update the JWKS or use the new JWKS Management API's [delete a key operation](/docs/reference/api/apps/#delete-a-json-web-key) and re-add the key with a `kid`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This API doesn't let you add a key if the existing key doesn't have a `kid`. This is also in sync with how the clients/apps APIs behave, as they don't allow the creation of multiple keys without `kids`. Use the [Update application](/docs/reference/api/apps/#update-application) operation or the [Update a client application](/docs/reference/api/oauth-clients/#update-a-client-application) to update the JWKS or use the new JWKS Management API's [delete a key operation](/docs/reference/api/apps/#delete-a-json-web-key) and re-add the key with a `kid`.
```

Author: updated

##### Request parameters

| Parameter     | Description                                                                     | Param Type | DataType                                      | Required | Default |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------- |

> | applicationId | unique key of an [Application](#application-object)                                 | URL        | String                                    | TRUE     |         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| applicationId | Unique key of an [Application](#application-object)                                 | URL        | String                                    | TRUE     |         |
```

> | metadata      | Metadata for creating a json web key [Json Web Key Metadata](#json-web-key-request-object)   | Body      | Json Web Key Metadata             | TRUE     |         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| metadata      | Metadata for creating a JSON Web Key [JSON Web Key Metadata](#json-web-key-request-object)   | Body      | JSON Web Key Metadata             | TRUE     |         |
```

##### Response parameters

> Returns the generated [Json Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Returns the generated [JSON Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)
```

> | metadata      | Metadata for creating a JSON Web Key [JSON Web Key Metadata](#json-web-key-request-object)   | Body      | JSON Web Key Metadata             | TRUE     |         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| metadata      | JSON Web Key Request Object [JSON Web Key Metadata](#json-web-key-request-object)   | Body      | JSON Web Key Metadata             | TRUE     |         |
```

Author: updated

##### Request example

```bash
curl -v -X POST \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
-d '{
  "kid": "key1",
  "kty": "RSA",
  "alg": "RS256",
  "use": "sig",
  "e":"AQAB",
  "n":"AJncrKuine49_CEVR4GPn.....zOrouIUCSMlRL0HU="

> }' "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/jwks/"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
}' "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/jwks"
```

Author: updated

```

##### Response example

```json
{
  "id": "pks055raeabcdef5rpg6",
  "kid": "key1",
  "kty": "RSA",
  "alg": "RS256",
  "use": "sig",
  "e":"AQAB",
  "n":"AJncrKuine49_CEVR4GPn.....zOrouIUCSMlRL0HU=",
  "status": "ACTIVE",
  "created": "2022-01-01 21:51:14.0",
  "_links" : {
    "deactivate": {
      "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/jwks/pks055raeabcdef5rpg6/lifecycle/deactivate",
      "hints": {
        "allow": [
          "POST"
        ]
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> If there are more than one Json Web Key each must have unique non-null `kid` else you receive an error response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If there is more than one JSON Web Key, each key must have unique non-null `kid` or you receive an error response.
```

```json
{
  "errorCode": "E0000001",
  "errorSummary": "Api validation failed: JsonWebKey",
  "errorLink": "E0000001",
  "errorId": "oaeMHrsk2WLTACvPU5T7yQ4yw",
  "errorCauses": [
    {
      "errorSummary": "Each key should have a unique kid when adding multiple keys. Use the Apps API to update the JWKS to add a kid for the existing key, or delete the existing key and re-add the key with a kid using the JWKS APIs."
    }
  ]
}
```

> If Json Web Key has a duplicate `kid`, you receive an error response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the JSON Web Key has a duplicate `kid`, you receive an error response.
```

```json
{
  "errorCode": "E0000001",
  "errorSummary": "Api validation failed: JsonWebKey",
  "errorLink": "E0000001",
  "errorId": "oaeMHrsk2WLTACvPU5T7yQ4yw",
  "errorCauses": [
    {
      "errorSummary": "All keys in the 'jwks' must have a unique kid."
    }
  ]
}
```

> If RSA Json Web Key length is less than `2048` bits , you receive an error response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the RSA JSON Web Key length is less than `2048` bits , you receive an error response.
```

> If the RSA JSON Web Key length is less than `2048` bits , you receive an error response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the RSA JSON Web Key length is less than `2048` bits, you receive an error response.
```

```json
{
  "errorCode": "E0000001",
  "errorSummary": "Api validation failed: JsonWebKey",
  "errorLink": "E0000001",
  "errorId": "oaeMHrsk2WLTACvPU5T7yQ4yw",
  "errorCauses": [
    {
      "errorSummary": "RSA key length in the 'jwks' is less than '2,048' bits for the given key."
    }
  ]
}
```

> If number of Json Web Keys per application exceeds the set limit (currently 50), you receive an error response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the number of JSON Web Keys per application exceeds the set limit (currently 50), you receive an error response.
```

```json
{
  "errorCode": "E0000001",
  "errorSummary": "Api validation failed: OAuth2ClientSecretMediated",
  "errorLink": "E0000001",
  "errorId": "oaeMHrsk2WLTACvPU5T7yQ4yw",
  "errorCauses": [
    {
      "errorSummary": "You can't create a new key. You have reached the maximum number of keys allowed (50). To add another key, you must first delete an existing one."
    }
  ]
}
```

### List JSON Web Keys

<ApiOperation method="get" url="/api/v1/apps/${applicationId}/credentials/jwks"/>

> Enumerates the client's collection of JSON Web Keys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enumerates the client's collection of JSON Web Keys
```

##### Request parameters

| Parameter     | Description                                                                     | Param Type | DataType                                      | Required | Default |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------- |

> | applicationId | unique key of an [Application](#application-object)                             | URL        | String                                    | TRUE     |         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| applicationId | Unique key of an [Application](#application-object)                             | URL        | String                                    | TRUE     |         |
```

##### Response parameters

> Returns the list of [Json Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Returns the list of [JSON Web Keys](#json-web-key-response-object)
```

##### Request example

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Accept: application/pkcs10" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \

> "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/jwks/"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/jwks"
```

Author: updated

        "n":"AJncrKuine49_CEVR4GPn.....zOrouIUCSMlRL0HU=",
        "status": "ACTIVE",
        "created": "2022-01-01 21:51:14.0",
        "_links" : {
          "deactivate": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/jwks/pks055raeabcdef5rpg6/lifecycle/deactivate",
            "hints": {
              "allow": [
                "POST"
              ]
            }
          }
        }
      },
      {
        "id": "pks055raeabcdef5ruuu",
        "kid": "key2",
        "kty": "RSA",
        "alg": "RS256",
        "use": "sig",
        "e":"AQAB",
        "n":"AJncrKuine49_CEVR4GPn.....zOrouIUCSMlRL0HU=",
        "status": "ACTIVE",
        "created": "2022-01-01 21:51:14.0",
        "_links" : {
          "deactivate": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/jwks/pks055raeabcdef5ruuu/lifecycle/deactivate",
            "hints": {
              "allow": [
                "POST"
              ]
            }
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```
### Get Json Web Key

<ApiOperation method="get" url="/api/v1/apps/${applicationId}/credentials/jwks/{id}" />

> Gets a specific Json Web Key by Id.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Gets a specific JSON Web Key by `id`
```

##### Request parameters

| Parameter     | Description                                                                     | Param Type | DataType                                      | Required | Default |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------- |

> | applicationId | unique key of an [Application](#application-object)                             | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| applicationId | Unique key of an [Application](#application-object)                             | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |
```

> | id            | unique key of a [Json Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)                   | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| id            | Unique key of a [JSON Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)                   | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |
```

##### Response parameters

> Returns [Json Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Returns the [JSON Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)
```

> | id            | Unique key of a [JSON Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)                   | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| secretId            | Unique key of a [JSON Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)                   | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |
```

Author: This is not secretId, it is just id.

##### Request example

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Accept: application/pkcs10" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/jwks/pks055raeabcdef5rpg6"
```

##### Response example

```json
{
  "id": "pks055raeabcdef5rpg6",
  "kid": "key1",
  "kty": "RSA",
  "alg": "RS256",
  "use": "sig",
  "e":"AQAB",
  "n":"AJncrKuine49_CEVR4GPn.....zOrouIUCSMlRL0HU=",
  "status": "ACTIVE",
  "created": "2022-01-01 21:51:14.0",
  "_links" : {
    "deactivate": {
      "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/jwks/pks055raeabcdef5rpg6/lifecycle/deactivate",
      "hints": {
        "allow": [
          "POST"
        ]
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> If the JSON Web Key isn't found for the `id`, you receive an error response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the JSON Web Key isn't found for the `secretId`, you receive an error response.
```

Author: for json web keys, it will be just id

```json
{
  "errorCode": "E0000007",
  "errorSummary": "Not found: Resource not found: xyz (JsonWebKey)",
  "errorLink": "E0000007",
  "errorId": "oaeMHrsk2WLTACvPU5T7yQ4yw"
}
```

### Activate a JSON Web Key

<ApiOperation method="post" url="/api/v1/apps/${applicationId}/credentials/jwks/{id}/lifecycle/activate"/>

> Activates a specific JSON Web Key by `id`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Activates a specific JSON Web Key by `secretId`
```

Author: for json web keys, it will be just id

##### Request parameters

| Parameter     | Description                                                                     | Param Type | DataType                                      | Required | Default |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------- |

> | applicationId | unique key of an [Application](#application-object)                             | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| applicationId | Unique key of an [Application](#application-object)                             | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |
```

> | id            | unique key of a [Json Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)                   | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| id            | Unique key of a [JSON Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)                   | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |
```

##### Response parameters

> Returns activated [Json Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Returns an activated [JSON Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)
```

> | id            | Unique key of a [JSON Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)                   | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| secretId            | Unique key of a [JSON Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)                   | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |
```

Author: for json web keys, it will be just id

##### Request example

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Accept: application/pkcs10" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/jwks/pks055raeabcdef5rpg6/lifecycle/activate"
```

##### Response example

```json
{
  "id": "pks055raeabcdef5rpg6",
  "kid": "key1",
  "kty": "RSA",
  "alg": "RS256",
  "use": "sig",
  "e":"AQAB",
  "n":"AJncrKuine49_CEVR4GPn.....zOrouIUCSMlRL0HU=",
  "status": "ACTIVE",
  "created": "2022-01-01 21:51:14.0",
  "_links" : {
    "deactivate": {
      "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/jwks/pks055raeabcdef5rpg6/lifecycle/deactivate",
      "hints": {
        "allow": [
          "POST"
        ]
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> If Json Web Key is not found for the id, you receive an error response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the JSON Web Key isn't found for the `id`, you receive an error response.
```

```json
{
  "errorCode": "E0000007",
  "errorSummary": "Not found: Resource not found: 2345 (JsonWebKey)",
  "errorLink": "E0000007",
  "errorId": "oaeMHrsk2WLTACvPU5T7yQ4yw"
}
```

> ### Deactivate a Json Web Key

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Deactivate a JSON Web Key
```

> If the JSON Web Key isn't found for the `id`, you receive an error response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the JSON Web Key isn't found for the `secretId`, you receive an error response.
```

Author: for json web keys, it will be just id

<ApiOperation method="post" url="/api/v1/apps/${applicationId}/credentials/jwks/{id}/lifecycle/deactivate"/>

> Deactivates a specific Json Web Key by id.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deactivates a specific JSON Web Key by `id`
```

> Deactivates a specific JSON Web Key by `id`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deactivates a specific JSON Web Key by `secretId`
```

Author: for json web keys, it will be just id

##### Request parameters

| Parameter     | Description                                                                     | Param Type | DataType                                      | Required | Default |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------- |

> | applicationId | unique key of an [Application](#application-object)                             | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| applicationId | Unique key of an [Application](#application-object)                             | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |
```

> | id            | unique key of a [Json Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)                   | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| id            | Unique key of a [JSON Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)                   | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |
```

##### Response parameters

> Returns deactivated [Json Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Returns a deactivated [JSON Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)
```

##### Request example

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Accept: application/pkcs10" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/jwks/pks055raeabcdef5rpg6/lifecycle/deactivate"
```

##### Response example

```json
{
  "id": "pks055raeabcdef5rpg6",
  "kid": "key1",
  "kty": "RSA",
  "alg": "RS256",
  "use": "sig",
  "e":"AQAB",
  "n":"AJncrKuine49_CEVR4GPn.....zOrouIUCSMlRL0HU=",
  "status": "INACTIVE",
  "created": "2022-01-01 21:51:14.0",
  "_links" : {
    "activate": {
      "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/jwks/pks055raeabcdef5rpg6/lifecycle/activate",
      "hints": {
        "allow": [
          "POST"
        ]
      }
    },
    "delete": {
      "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/jwks/pks055raeabcdef5rpg6/delete",
      "hints": {
        "allow": [
          "DELETE"
        ]
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> If secret is not found for the secretId, you receive an error response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a secret isn't found for the `secretId`, you receive an error response.
```

```json
{
  "errorCode": "E0000007",
  "errorSummary": "Not found: Resource not found: 2345 (JsonWebKey)",
  "errorLink": "E0000007",
  "errorId": "oaeMHrsk2WLTACvPU5T7yQ4yw"
}
```

> If the application has only one active Json Web Key when `token_endpoint_auth_method` is `private_key_jwt` and deactivate request is received for it, you receive an error response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the application has only one active JSON Web Key, the `token_endpoint_auth_method` is `private_key_jwt`, and a deactivate request is received for the JSON Web Key, you receive an error response.
```

> If the application has only one active JSON Web Key, the `token_endpoint_auth_method` is `private_key_jwt`, and a deactivate request is received for the JSON Web Key, you receive an error response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the application has only one active JSON Web Key, the `token_endpoint_auth_method` is `private_key_jwt`, and a deactivate request is received for the JSON Web Key, then you will receive an error response.
```

Author: updated

```json
{
  "errorCode": "E0000001",
  "errorSummary": "Api validation failed: JsonWebKey",
  "errorLink": "E0000001",
  "errorId": "oaeMHrsk2WLTACvPU5T7yQ4yw",
  "errorCauses": [
    {
      "errorSummary": "Can't deactivate the only active JSON Web Key when the value for ''token_endpoint_auth_method'' is ''private_key_jwt''."
    }
  ]
}
```

> If the application has only one active Json Web Key which matches `request_object_signature_algorithm` and deactivate request is received for it, you receive an error response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the application has only one active JSON Web Key that matches `request_object_signature_algorithm` and a deactivate request is received for the JSON Web Key, you receive an error response.
```

> If the application has only one active JSON Web Key that matches `request_object_signature_algorithm` and a deactivate request is received for the JSON Web Key, you receive an error response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the application has only one active JSON Web Key that matches `request_object_signature_algorithm` and a deactivate request is received for the JSON Web Key, then you will receive an error response.
```

Author: updated

```json
{
  "errorCode": "E0000001",
  "errorSummary": "Api validation failed: JsonWebKey",
  "errorLink": "E0000001",
  "errorId": "oaeMHrsk2WLTACvPU5T7yQ4yw",
  "errorCauses": [
    {
      "errorSummary": "The ''jwks'' must contain at least one key with an algorithm matching the ''request_object_signature_algorithm''."
    }
  ]
}
```

> ### Delete a Json Web Key

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Delete a JSON Web Key
```

<ApiOperation method="delete" url="/api/v1/apps/${applicationId}/credentials/jwks/{id}"/>

> Deletes a specific Json Web Key by id.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deletes a specific JSON Web Key by `id`.
```

> <ApiOperation method="delete" url="/api/v1/apps/${applicationId}/credentials/jwks/{id}"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ApiOperation method="delete" url="/api/v1/apps/${applicationId}/credentials/jwks/{secretId}"/>
```

Author: for jwks we use id, and for client credentials we use secretId

> Deletes a specific JSON Web Key by `id`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deletes a specific JSON Web Key by `id`
```

> Deletes a specific JSON Web Key by `id`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deletes a specific JSON Web Key by `secretId`
```

Author: for jwks we use id, and for client credentials we use secretId

##### Request parameters

| Parameter     | Description                                                                     | Param Type | DataType                                      | Required | Default |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------- |

> | applicationId | unique key of an [Application](#application-object)                             | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| applicationId | Unique key of an [Application](#application-object)                             | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |
```

> | id            | unique key of a [Json Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)                   | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| id            | Unique key of a [JSON Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)                   | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |
```

> | id            | Unique key of a [JSON Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)                   | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| secretId            | Unique key of a [JSON Web Key](#json-web-key-response-object)                   | URL        | String                                        | TRUE     |         |
```

Author: for jwks we use id, and for client credentials we use secretId

##### Response parameters

> An empty JSON object `{}`

Reviewer: As mentioned above, no response body with 204.

Author: Followed https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/apps/#request-parameters-7

Reviewer: Same comment in this case, please fix both places if you'd like for them to stay consistent.

Author: updated

##### Request example

```bash
curl -v -X DELETE \
-H "Accept: application/pkcs10" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/jwks/pks055raeabcdef5rpg6"
```

##### Response example
```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

> If Json Web Key is not found for the id, you receive an error response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a JSON Web Key isn't found for the `id`, you receive an error response.
```

```json
{
  "errorCode": "E0000007",
  "errorSummary": "Not found: Resource not found: xyz (JsonWebKey)",
  "errorLink": "E0000007",
  "errorId": "oaeMHrsk2WLTACvPU5T7yQ4yw"
}
```

> If the delete request is received for an active Json Web Key, you receive an error response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the delete request is received for an active JSON Web Key, you receive an error response.
```

-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/jwks/pks055raeabcdef5rpg6/lifecycle/deactivate"
```

##### Response example

```json
{
  "id": "pks055raeabcdef5rpg6",
  "kid": "key1",
  "kty": "RSA",
  "alg": "RS256",
  "use": "sig",
  "e":"AQAB",
  "n":"AJncrKuine49_CEVR4GPn.....zOrouIUCSMlRL0HU=",
  "status": "INACTIVE",
  "created": "2022-01-01 21:51:14.0",
  "_links" : {
    "activate": {
      "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/jwks/pks055raeabcdef5rpg6/lifecycle/activate",
      "hints": {
        "allow": [
          "POST"
        ]
      }
    },
    "delete": {
      "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oad5lTSBOMUBOBVVQSC/credentials/jwks/pks055raeabcdef5rpg6/delete",
      "hints": {
        "allow": [
          "DELETE"
        ]
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> If a secret isn't found for the `secretId`, you receive an error response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a JSON Web Key isn't found for the `id`, you receive an error response.
```

Author: updated

| Property         | Description                                                  | DataType                                                                    | Nullable | Unique | Readonly | Default |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------ | -------- | --------- |
| status   | Status of the setting     | `ENABLED`, `DISABLED` | FALSE    | FALSE   | FALSE    | `DISABLED`  |

### Client Secret Request object

#### Example

```json
{
  "client_secret": "D0HxBn1FtTXeYC4cSBwWL_sPMztMT2t6Ei9n1QjO"
}
```

> #### Client Secret object Request properties

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Client Secret Request object properties
```

| Property         | Description                                                  | DataType                                                                    | Nullable | Unique | Readonly | MinLength | MaxLength |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------ | -------- | --------- | --------- |

> | client_secret    | client secret                                                | String                                                                      | TRUE     | TRUE   | FALSE    |    14/32  |   100     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| client_secret    | Client secret                                                | String                                                                      | TRUE     | TRUE   | FALSE    |    14/32  |   100     |
```

> | client_secret    | Client secret                                                | String                                                                      | TRUE     | TRUE   | FALSE    |    14/32  |   100     |

Reviewer: I wonder if it's better to use the `14` as the minimum and just have the little section with a special rule for specific token_endpoint_auth_method. Do we have other examples where we specify more than 1 value in a table like this anywhere else in the docs?

Author: No, I couldn't find one.

Author: updated

### Client Secret Response object

#### Example

```json
{
  "id": "ocsap6nz61rKdsoyOY0h7",
  "client_secret": "D0HxBn1FtTXeYC4cSBwWL_sPMztMT2t6Ei9n1QjO",
  "secret_hash": "0xbeefbeefbeefbeefbeefbeef",
  "created": "2022-01-01T03:22:27.000Z",
  "lastUpdated": "2022-01-01T04:22:27.000Z",
  "status": "INACTIVE",
  "_links" : {
    "activate": {
      "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oa11s8ONPmrGh5XB0g4/credentials/secrets/0sap6nz61rKdsoyOY0h7/lifecycle/activate",
      "hints": {
        "allow": [
          "POST"
        ]
      }
    },
    "delete": {
      "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oa11s8ONPmrGh5XB0g4/credentials/secrets/0sap6nz61rKdsoyOY0h7",
      "hints": {
        "allow": [
          "DELETE"
        ]
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> #### Client Secret object Response properties

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Client Secret Response object properties
```

| Property         | Description                                                  | DataType                                                                    | Nullable | Unique | Readonly | Default |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------ | -------- | ------- |

> | id               | unique key of group                                          | String                                                                      | FALSE     | TRUE   | TRUE    |         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| id               | Unique key of the group                                          | String                                                                      | FALSE     | TRUE   | TRUE    |         |
```

> | client_secret    | client secret                                                | String                                                                      | FALSE     | TRUE   | FALSE   |         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| client_secret    | Client secret                                                | String                                                                      | FALSE     | TRUE   | FALSE   |         |
```

> | secret_hash      | hash of client secret                                        | String                                                                      | FALSE     | TRUE   | TRUE    |         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| secret_hash      | Hash of the client secret                                        | String                                                                      | FALSE     | TRUE   | TRUE    |         |
```

> | created          | timestamp when secret was created                            | Date                                                                        | FALSE     | FALSE  | TRUE    |         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| created          | Timestamp when the secret was created                            | Date                                                                        | FALSE     | FALSE  | TRUE    |         |
```

> | lastUpdated      | timestamp when secret was last updated                       | Date                                                                        | FALSE     | FALSE  | TRUE    |         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| lastUpdated      | Timestamp when the secret was last updated                       | Date                                                                        | FALSE     | FALSE  | TRUE    |         |
```

| status           | Status of the feature                                        | `ACTIVE`, `INACTIVE`                                                        | FALSE     | FALSE  | FALSE   |`ACTIVE` |
| _links           | Discoverable resources related to client secrets             | [JSON HAL](http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-kelly-json-hal-06)              | FALSE     | FALSE  | TRUE    |         |

> ### JSON Web Key request object

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### JSON Web Key Request object
```

The application JSON Web Key object defines a [JSON Web Key](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7517) for a signature or encryption credential for an application.

#### Example

```json
{
  "e": "AQAB",
  "alg": "RS256",
  "n": "mkC6yAJVvFwUlmM9gKjb2d-YK5qHFt-mXSsbjWKKs4EfNm-BoQeeovBZtSACyaqLc8IYFTPEURFcbDQ9DkAL04uUIRD2gaHYY7uK0jsluEaXGq2RAIsmzAwNTzkiDw4q9pDL_q7n0f_SDt1TsMaMQayB6bU5jWsmqcWJ8MCRJ1aJMjZ16un5UVx51IIeCbe4QRDxEXGAvYNczsBoZxspDt28esSpq5W0dBFxcyGVudyl54Er3FzAguhgfMVjH-bUec9j2Tl40qDTktrYgYfxz9pfjm01Hl4WYP1YQxeETpSL7cQ5Ihz4jGDtHUEOcZ4GfJrPzrGpUrak8Qp5xcwCqQ",
  "kid": "SIMcCQNY3uwXoW3y0vf6VxiBb5n9pf8L2fK8d-FIbm4",
  "kty": "RSA",
  "use": "sig",
  "status": "ACTIVE"
}
```

> #### Application JSON Web Key request properties

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Application JSON Web Key Request properties
```

| Property         | Description                                                  | DataType                                                                    | Nullable | Unique | Readonly | Default   |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------ | -------- | --------- |
| e                | RSA key value (exponent) for key blinding                    | String                                                                      | FALSE    | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |
| alg              | Algorithm used in the key                                    | String                                                                      | FALSE    | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |
| n                | RSA key value (modulus) for key blinding                     | String                                                                      | FALSE    | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |

> | kid              | unique identifier for the certificate                        | String                                                                      | TRUE     | TRUE   | TRUE     |           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| kid              | Unique identifier for the certificate                        | String                                                                      | TRUE     | TRUE   | TRUE     |           |
```

> | kty              | cryptographic algorithm family for the certificate's keypair | String                                                                      | FALSE    | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| kty              | Cryptographic algorithm family for the certificate's key pair | String                                                                      | FALSE    | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |
```

> | use              | acceptable usage of the certificate                          | String                                                                      | TRUE     | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| use              | Acceptable use of the certificate                          | String                                                                      | TRUE     | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |
```

| status           | Status of the feature                                        | `ACTIVE`, `INACTIVE`                                                        | TRUE     | FALSE  | FALSE    | `ACTIVE`  |

> ### JSON Web Key response object

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### JSON Web Key Response object
```

#### Example

```json
{
  "id": "pks055raeabcdef5rpg6",
  "e": "AQAB",
  "alg": "RS256",
  "n": "mkC6yAJVvFwUlmM9gKjb2d-YK5qHFt-mXSsbjWKKs4EfNm-BoQeeovBZtSACyaqLc8IYFTPEURFcbDQ9DkAL04uUIRD2gaHYY7uK0jsluEaXGq2RAIsmzAwNTzkiDw4q9pDL_q7n0f_SDt1TsMaMQayB6bU5jWsmqcWJ8MCRJ1aJMjZ16un5UVx51IIeCbe4QRDxEXGAvYNczsBoZxspDt28esSpq5W0dBFxcyGVudyl54Er3FzAguhgfMVjH-bUec9j2Tl40qDTktrYgYfxz9pfjm01Hl4WYP1YQxeETpSL7cQ5Ihz4jGDtHUEOcZ4GfJrPzrGpUrak8Qp5xcwCqQ",
  "kid": "SIMcCQNY3uwXoW3y0vf6VxiBb5n9pf8L2fK8d-FIbm4",
  "kty": "RSA",
  "use": "sig",
  "created": "2022-01-01T03:22:27.000Z",
  "lastUpdated": "2022-01-01T04:22:27.000Z",
  "status": "INACTIVE",
  "_links" : {
    "activate": {
      "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oa11s8ONPmrGh5XB0g4/credentials/jwks/pks055raeabcdef5rpg6/lifecycle/activate",
      "hints": {
        "allow": [
          "POST"
        ]
      }
    },
    "delete": {
      "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/apps/0oa11s8ONPmrGh5XB0g4/credentials/jwks/pks055raeabcdef5rpg6",
      "hints": {
        "allow": [
          "DELETE"
        ]
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> #### Application JSON Web Key response properties

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Application JSON Web Key Response properties
```

| Property         | Description                                                  | DataType                                                                    | Nullable | Unique | Readonly | Default   |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------ | -------- | --------- |

> | id               | unique key of group                                          | String                                                                      | FALSE    | TRUE   | TRUE     |           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| id               | Unique key of group                                          | String                                                                      | FALSE    | TRUE   | TRUE     |           |
```

| e                | RSA key value (exponent) for key blinding                    | String                                                                      | FALSE    | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |
| alg              | Algorithm used in the key                                    | String                                                                      | FALSE    | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |
| n                | RSA key value (modulus) for key blinding                     | String                                                                      | FALSE    | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |

> | kid              | unique identifier for the certificate                        | String                                                                      | FALSE    | TRUE   | TRUE     |           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| kid              | Unique identifier for the certificate                        | String                                                                      | FALSE    | TRUE   | TRUE     |           |
```

> | kty              | cryptographic algorithm family for the certificate's keypair | String                                                                      | FALSE    | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| kty              | Cryptographic algorithm family for the certificate's key pair | String                                                                      | FALSE    | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |
```

> | use              | acceptable usage of the certificate                          | String                                                                      | TRUE     | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| use              | Acceptable use of the certificate                          | String                                                                      | TRUE     | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |
```

> | created          | timestamp when JSON Web Key was created                      | Date                                                                        | FALSE    | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| created          | Timestamp when the JSON Web Key was created                      | Date                                                                        | FALSE    | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |
```

> | lastUpdated      | timestamp when JSON Web Key was last updated                 | Date                                                                        | FALSE    | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| lastUpdated      | timestamp when the JSON Web Key was last updated                 | Date                                                                        | FALSE    | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |
```

| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------ | -------- | --------- |
| status   | Status of the setting     | `ENABLED`, `DISABLED` | FALSE    | FALSE   | FALSE    | `DISABLED`  |

### Client Secret Request object

#### Example

```json
{
  "client_secret": "D0HxBn1FtTXeYC4cSBwWL_sPMztMT2t6Ei9n1QjO"
}
```

#### Client Secret Request object properties

| Property         | Description                                                  | DataType                                                                    | Nullable | Unique | Readonly | MinLength | MaxLength |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------ | -------- | --------- | --------- |
| client_secret    | Client secret                                                | String                                                                      | TRUE     | TRUE   | FALSE    |    14  |   100     |

> > **Note:** If `token_endpoint_auth_method` of the app is `client_secret_jwt` then minLength of Client Secret should be 32.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If `token_endpoint_auth_method` of the app is `client_secret_jwt` then MinLength of Client Secret should be 32.
```

Author: updated

> > **Note:** If `token_endpoint_auth_method` of the app is `client_secret_jwt` then MinLength of Client Secret should be 32.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If `token_endpoint_auth_method` of the app is `client_secret_jwt` then MinLength of `client_secret` should be 32.
```

| n                | RSA key value (modulus) for key blinding                     | String                                                                      | FALSE    | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |
| kid              | Unique identifier for the certificate                        | String                                                                      | FALSE    | TRUE   | TRUE     |           |
| kty              | Cryptographic algorithm family for the certificate's key pair | String                                                                      | FALSE    | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |
| use              | Acceptable use of the certificate                          | String                                                                      | TRUE     | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |
| created          | Timestamp when the JSON Web Key was created                      | Date                                                                        | FALSE    | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |

> | lastUpdated      | timestamp when the JSON Web Key was last updated                 | Date                                                                        | FALSE    | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| lastUpdated      | Timestamp when the JSON Web Key was last updated                 | Date                                                                        | FALSE    | FALSE  | TRUE     |           |
```

Author: updated
